Add `polaris-for-vscode` extension to project (#5214)
Shopify/polaris: polaris-intellisense/README.md

> # shopify-dev-intellisense README

Reviewer: As we continue to build additional vscode plugins, do we imagine them being all contained in this one plugin or having multiple small ones? I ask because the approach for Figma is call the plugin "Polaris for Figma" and put everything in one place until it becomes a problem.

Should we follow a similar approach here?

Author: I similarly envisioned having one main polaris vscode plugin that would include any new features we came up with (rather than multiple plugins), so let's go with that!

I'll update this line as it's a holdover from when I copy pasta'd from the original prototype 😆 🍝

> :warning: This repo is still experimental

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:warning: This extension is still experimental
```

Author: thanks for catching this!!

> This project is a prototype testing out VSCode intellisense features to support developing with the Polaris Design System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: This extension is an experimental prototype

VSCode intellisense features to support developing with the Polaris Design System.
```

## Installation

We don't want to publish this extension to the VSCode Extensions Marketplace yet, so we have to install the package directly from the compiled `.vsix` file.

1. (Install the `vsce` package)[https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#vsce]
2. `cd` to the `polaris-intellisense` directory in the project.
3. From the `polaris-intellisense` directory run the (`vsce package`)[https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#packaging-extensions] command in your terminal. After running you should have a new `.vsix` file in the directory (ex. `polaris-intellisense-0.0.1.vsix`)
4. To install the extension run `code --install-extension EXTENSION_FILENAME.vsix`

```bash
# example of running install command

> ❯ code --install-extension shopify-dev-intellisense-0.0.1.vsix

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
code --install-extension shopify-dev-intellisense-0.0.1.vsix
```

Suggestion leaving off the `❯` character. Makes copy/paste less convenient IMO
